 This is a brief outline of what I think we need to start work on this game.
 these can be their own files and classes with in files.

Game board,(Board) this needs to be a grid that is determined by the size of the boxes used.
    the game board needs to have 36 squares. and it would be nice if they were two colors. 
    like red and blue or white and black. 
    11-18-2021 I added colors purple and green to board.play
    11-18-21 I added a seperate board called board2.py this board works unlike board.py
    I got learned it from a tutorial, I put it inthe comments in the file. all it does is 
    creates a board. I think it is the one I am going with. we can decide which one to work 
    of . 

Player token.(Player) This is the player that moves from square to square.

Player moves.(Move) this is the one that moves the player. it should move them left, right
    up or down. that's all this should do. Or it could just be a mouse move. no buttons. 

Director () This is how we control the sequence of play. 
        We need to wait on coding a director til we have the others made so
        we don't struggle so badly with matching names.

Squares: 
    1. it needs to activate a random choice when you land on it.
        that random choice should be:
        1. add points, move again
        2. subtract points, move again
        3. explode your dead, game over
        4. nothing happens, move again
    maybe we should keep it simpler and just use a color for safe and a color for die. not
    make it as complicated as I originally wrote. 
    we activate a square and it either turns purple or green. purple is die green is live.

End game:
    1. lose - conditions
        you explode
        you fall to zero points
    2. win - conditions
        you make it to the end of the board. 

Points:
    1. start with points = 4?
    2. add points
    3. suptract points.
    4 check points
    If you have 0 points you lose, even if you don't explode. 

This is where we should start. 
If there is something you want to add. add it here and itital it so we know who wrote it. 

If we need to rethink something to make it work better or if it's too complicated for whatever
reason. make notes here. 
